Add middleware example (#33)
Unleash/unleash-client-nextjs: example/README.md

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

> Flag in use is `nextjs-example`. https://app.unleash-hosted.com/demo/projects/default/features/nextjs-example

Reviewer: What does this mean? What's the link there for? Where is the flag in use?

Author: If you run the example without any modifications, it's connected to our demo.

Reviewer: got it! I know you merged it already, but I would suggest writing that out explicitly in the readme. Something like this?

```suggestion
The demo relies on a flag called `nextjs-example`. By default, it will connect to the [Unleash demo instance](https://app.unleash-hosted.com/demo/projects/default/features/nextjs-example).
```

## Available examples

- `./src/pages/csr.tsx` - Client-side rendering - simple use case, with loader
- `./src/pages/ssr.tsx` - Server-side rendering - when you need to keep some data private
- `./src/pages/ssg.tsx` - Static site generation - performance optimization

### API

- `./src/pages/api/hello.ts` - API route responding with JSON

### Middleware

Example of A/B testing with Next.js Middleware.
Redirect users to a different (pre-rendered) page based on a feature flag.

> - `./src/pages/api/proxy-definitions.ts` - act as cache for feature flag definitions (role of Unleash Proxy, but can be deployed on Next.js Edge)

Reviewer: Can we elaborate on the last bit? Is this understanding correct?

```suggestion
- `./src/pages/api/proxy-definitions.ts` - act as cache for feature flag definitions. This lets this SDK act as a substitute for Unleash Edge or the Unleash proxy that you can deploy on Next.js Edge.
```

> - `./src/middleware.ts`- handle flag evaluation and redirect to different page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `./src/middleware.ts`- handle flag evaluation and redirect to different pages
```

> - `./src/middleware.ts`- handle flag evaluation and redirect to different page

Author: ```suggestion
- `./src/middleware.ts`- handle flag evaluation and transparently redirect to one of the pages in `./src/pages/ab` directory
```

> - `./src/pages/ab/a` & `./src/pages/ab/b` - target pages - url will still be `/ab`

Reviewer: Is this correct?

```suggestion
- `./src/pages/ab/a` & `./src/pages/ab/b` - target pages. Both will be served at the URL `/ab`, but which one you see is decided by the feature flag in `./src/middleware.ts`.
```
